Hello everyone and welcome to your next interview problem.
So it's called sentence reversal.
So given a string of words reverse all the words.
So for example this is the best.
You want to return best.
Is this as part of the exercise.
You should also remove all leading and trailing whitespace so the inputs such as space space space and
then the words space here and the words space here and then several whitespace both become clear space
.
So notice that even if there's leading whitespace or trailing whitespace they should both be reverse
and have the same output.
So keep that in mind.
Fill out your solution below.
Take note of the examples and when you're ready to test your solution you can run this test so.
All right.
That's it.
Best of luck on sentence reversal and I'll see the next lecture.
Thanks everyone.